ok we're going to videotape sky eating
cream coin here we go right there oh no
no oh never never never like that mal
cream of let me shut that mouth oh yeah
sure got it Oh your ears unless know why
can't she shut up I'm gonna shove this
in your mouth if you don't shut up I'm
sure that I'm not talking about the
creamed corn yeah now listen to me
you're gonna try this no it's like a
desert sky it's so sweet it's so good
why are you saying you love sweet things
you lovely things okay look at her right
now this is happening what did you like
it or not okay you're not feeling it out
is not a thing that's part of the
feature jumpy this is our feature on
your mobile people love it and we're
filming everybody enjoyed the TV dinner
don't waste your ass if you missed it
you can check out those pictures and
videos still about Rocco fighting com
hey mellow out of this feature we are
team and I gave it to you we're a team
ya SE weeks it seems like we're on
opposite teams so now that we're on team
try normal things yes and you're going
to bed with the creamed corn in your
mouth and I'm gonna enjoy it and you're
going to swallow it that's part of the
future can we talk about what creamed
corn actually is yeah it's corn in a
cream sauce like freaking Alfredo no you
look like a friend like baby pom is what
oh this is so sir because noises are so
far-fetched like alfredo afraid you
thought that the italian alfredo sauce
was mixed with corn for this nice nigga
tech get it right away yeah yeah yeahs a
chair can you not you school okay here's
what we do in our in our feature cute is
dead i share with her normal this is
normal this is not normal okay Skye I
need to look at it look at it what do
you want it's delicious there's no real
claim in this it kind of looks like when
like the fat rises to the top of chicken
soup wait you're asking me to you but
it's not it's not your ridiculous it's
not you're telling me it's not you want
to slap last time we did this Sofia this
feature is awesome you're trying normal
things this is a normal meal can I saw
it glad it's not sweet okay it's
smelling like like corn niblets yes well
that's what I mean niblet it is it's
little pieces of corn in a delightful
cream sauce you see you're using the
word delightful very loosely because it
is hi everybody loves creamed corn I
will try one colonel no you're not gonna
try one Colonel you're gonna try one
spoonful of it yeah here we go are you
soon man yeah I'll even give you more
than one than that cream adrenaline what
is in the cream it's like crushed up
corn that they put like don't be mad at
me I just I wanted it's not it's not
like cream like like you're thinking
like heavy whipping cream it's not that
well then why is it called creamed corn
because it's kind of creamy that's what
you that's what happens when you crush
on so is their dairy in there Ronald and
so you don't think so are you do or
there's not
slap okay here we go sky is going try
out way too big way too big wait how
freaky half of it shut your mouth that
Colonel this is rush I brought it on
what is that Colonel that's the booty
Colonel you stupid don't shut up and
listen to she's done this is one of the
two meet you captain you're gonna try a
normal thing it's creamed corn for the
very first time I'm very excited for
this this is gonna change your life yeah
it is you're gonna hold on what are we
saying don't do the thing where you put
your mouth and immediately pretend to
throw up yeah yeah the truth is just
gonna think we're in the napkins oh I
won't allow it you oh oh showing you
again you're swallowing it I will choke
you and I will slap you you're gonna
swallow we're best friends friends don't
say that two best friends yeah true best
friend here we go what's that strange
guys for the first time skies windy
cream car that our new weekly feature
sky tries normal things here we go I
hope I don't spill any on your chest
haha dick open your mouth yes you idiot
you idiot vote for your mouth why did
you do that they're already open your
mouth I'm not there you go some big
Annika baby good wipe your chin build a
little on her chin you enjoy enjoy
what's the problem you did a good you
are a good girl good girl can try to
spin it up that was good to get it down
your throat what are your thoughts I
imagine yeah that's not host a preemie I
told you you'd like it oh here comes
Eddie does this he eats up the leftover
it's not so good hey I didn't actually
taste any claim in there you guys that's
weird like I I didn't get that alfredo
sauce it tastes sweet oh wow which is
surprising because people oh that's what
it is any dudes happy dance look at me
go moonwalk oh so good not a I'm not
most people believe that sky everyone
leave Rajan as bad as like thought don't
believe I'd order it well you don't or
brown by it's one big don't order we
don't work creamed corn I didn't know at
the creamed corn store oh cool see how
we're giving her things that you can
take home to channel with your pants
bottom line is is she loved it yeah we
want to get up and continue this water
inside i tries normal thing now is the
food that was the swan song about sex
that we can't wait to find everything
else we're not
guys never tried to chill enjoy oh why
are you wiping your tongue off why are
you wiping your I'm not oh why are you
doing that kind of beard bumped on it
hmm bottom line is she loved it my kid
guys pictures video yes put the it again
right now wasn't fantastic oh so good
yeah we're going to tear you from